Yes, we have been seeing this for some time, in fact for the last few weeks, there is some
pressure on ICICI Lumber here.  It has been a
good performing stock right now.  And if we
look at the time frame of last 6 months, ICICI
Lubar has gained almost 11-12% strength.
But if I look at the last few weeks, a
bit dull atmosphere has
developed here.  To be very precise.  In the last one and
a half month time frame, almost 4-5% has been
seen to be getting lighter.  A Do
you think there is still some correction left in this
?  Can I buy it now or do I still want to
wait it out?
Neha ji, I would like to wait here
and if something has to be done here then
first of all two stocks should be looked at HDFC L and SBI L.
Technically, its number comes quite late.  So here we will clearly wait and
watch for now.
Ok.  So it is a wait and watch
case for you at HDFC Life.  We are also waiting and watching
and waiting for
3:30.   It's not like the
market is ringing at 3:30 at all.